Unedited chat from 20250326 meeting

13:57:48 From Alyssa Nance to Everyone:
	surviving
	
13:59:12 From Session Host to Everyone:
	Wow! So many folks! Thank you for bding here!
	joe clark:â¤ï¸
	
14:01:49 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	Interloper here!
	
14:02:04 From Reed David to Everyone:
	Question for the interlopers--from what systems are you migrating?
	Emily M. Colucci:â¤ï¸
	
14:02:05 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Interloper here! OhioLINK.
	
14:02:10 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	July 16th
	
14:02:25 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	Migrating from Sierra to Alma
	
14:02:30 From Gwen and Kyler to Everyone:
	Like all of us Ohio folks Sierra to Alma
	
14:02:34 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	Also Sierra to Alma
	
14:02:42 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	Right
	
14:02:48 From Jennifer Olson to Everyone:
	We're migrating at University of Hartford January 2026 (from Bibliovation, a proprietary version of Koha by LibLime)
	Tracey Rudnick, Emily M. Colucci:ğŸ‘
	
14:02:52 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	ALL of Ohio. Data freezes Friday. No stress here.
	Sarah Cohen, Kirk-Evan Billet, Rebecca Shaw, Leonard Martin:â—
	Alyssa Nance, Ivan Kaproth-Joslin, Gwen and Kyler, David Prochazka, Catherine Busselen, Jennifer Olson, Chelsea M Hoover:ğŸ˜‚
	Hermine Vermeij, Jennifer Olson:ğŸ˜¬
	Casey Mullin:ğŸ˜¯
	
14:04:16 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	What do you wish you had know from an instruction standpoint?
	
14:04:59 From Jennifer Olson to Everyone:
	how many of your institutions have made display configuration data available in repositories like GitHub? is there some sort of list? I'm aware of the Orbis GitHub.
	
14:08:05 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	If you're in a consortium and in a Network Zone (particularly in a shared bib environment), the amount of work that may be required of your consortium staff can vary greatly, depending on how you're set up.
	
14:08:43 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	UC system: Much appreciation to Catherine and Hermine for fielding so many questions from me already. â¤ï¸
	Hermine Vermeij:ğŸ˜
	
14:09:26 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	OhioLINK: Your Cataloging and Metadata Working Group is working on putting together the info you'll need for various workflows!
	David Prochazka, Sarah Cohen:ğŸ‘
	
14:09:30 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	And Casey.
	Casey Mullin:â¤ï¸
	
14:10:49 From Casey Mullin to Everyone:
	Orbis Cascade GitHub link (again): https://github.com/Orbis-Cascade-Alliance/ve-norm-rules
	Reed David, Rebecca Belford:ğŸ‘
	
14:11:45 From Catherine Busselen to Everyone:
	UCSB's isn't public but I would be happy to share specific workflows, etc. upon request.
	
14:11:50 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Florida: https://flvc.libguides.com/AlmaPrimoGuides
	
14:11:54 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	I don't know how useful it is to outsiders, but: https://usmai.org/portal/. Some of the contents are available to non-USMAI consortium members, but the site is for everything, not just Alma/Primo.
	
14:12:46 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	Awesome
	
14:12:52 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	I'm grateful to be on our local Primo config group and very happy they are on board with making one view that works for music!
	Casey Mullin, Session Host:â¤ï¸
	Hermine Vermeij, Gwen and Kyler:ğŸ¥³
	
14:12:56 From Lisa Shiota to Everyone:
	Replying to "I don't know how useful it is to outsiders, but: h...":
	I'm not sure if this is public: https://usmai.org/portal/display/SYSTEMS/Alma+-+Primo+VE
	
14:12:57 From Jennifer Olson to Everyone:
	Catherine: that would be great, once we've figured out what we need ğŸ™‚ we're at the very very beginning pf the process
	Catherine Busselen:ğŸ‘
	
14:13:29 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "I don't know how useful it is to outsiders, but: h...":
	Lisa's link does work - I'm not logged in & I see it!
	Lisa Shiota:ğŸ‘
	
14:15:29 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during the data freeze?
	Gwen and Kyler:ğŸ‘
	
14:16:01 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during ...":
	Not really. Ours was at the end of spring semester, though.
	
14:16:05 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Advice that was given to us in PASCAL (South Carolina) by another consortium was to not go overboard configuring work order departments on the front end. Now that we are 4+ years in, we are in the process of adding more at USC to improve efficiency.
	Sandy Lemmon:ğŸ‘
	
14:16:22 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	"Reminding" for training is very kind, looking forward to starting on the day-to-day stuff.
	Session Host:ğŸ‘
	
14:16:32 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during ...":
	I'm expecting not, but everyone else is very scared. Our data unfreezes the day before finals.
	Sarah Cohen:â˜¹ï¸
	Hermine Vermeij, Jennifer Olson, Session Host, Alyssa Nance:ğŸ˜¬
	
14:18:58 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Ohio Q for consortia folks: Did anyone decide NOT to use OCLC daily updates? This is a rather spicy topic here...
	
14:19:18 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during ...":
	Not that I know of. The circ freeze was much shorter and timed to be after graduation.
	
14:19:25 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Ohio Q for consortia folks: Did anyone decide NOT ...":
	It was a key decision for University of California. (We do use them in the NZ.)
	
14:19:47 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during ...":
	We were already in data freeze when we went into lockdown for COVID...so, no patrons...
	
14:20:46 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Advice that was given to us in PASCAL (South Carol...":
	Work orders are confusing and complicated - but also essential. We use them for sending scores to the Preservation department for binding. These had to be created by us; we're not using the out-of-the-box stuff.
	
14:21:13 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you encounter a lot of "angry patrons" during ...":
	We scheduled our freeze after the end of the spring semester, so it wasn't too bad.
	
14:21:31 From Reed David to Everyone:
	her-MEE-nuh
	David Prochazka, Session Host:ğŸ‘
	
14:23:00 From Melissa Moll to Everyone:
	Replying to "Advice that was given to us in PASCAL (South Carol...":
	We also created a work order at the "music library desk" to account for pam binding, etc. that happens at the music library (vs. within our marking/preservation department).
	
14:23:58 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "Advice that was given to us in PASCAL (South Carol...":
	TBH, we're so small that we just ignore work orders.  I'm always trying to delete them.
	Alyssa Nance, Session Host:ğŸ˜‚
	
14:24:36 From Reed David to Everyone:
	2013
	
14:24:44 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	I give credit to the SUNY consortium for the work order simplicity advice.
	Session Host, Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:24:55 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Work orders do require scanning the barcode at each step - so simplicity in handoffs is key.
	Session Host, Alyssa Nance, Sarah Cohen:ğŸ‘
	Kirk-Evan Billet:ğŸ’¯
	
14:25:04 From Stephen Mantz to Everyone:
	Replying to "Advice that was given to us in PASCAL (South Carol...":
	Yes, some patience with work orders is beneficial.
	
14:25:21 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Work orders do require scanning the barcode at eac...":
	That's why we've avoided them in a lot of situations--too many people touch things, it's so many steps.
	Session Host:ğŸ‘
	
14:26:00 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "Work orders do require scanning the barcode at eac...":
	@Hermine, in my case I'm usually handing off to myself!
	Kirk-Evan Billet:â¤ï¸
	Hermine Vermeij:ğŸ‘
	Session Host:ğŸ¤£
	
14:26:05 From Margaret Corby to Everyone:
	We use workorders as a "where-to-find" it in our department.  We use Physical processing, Zero copy, etc.
	Session Host:ğŸ‘
	
14:26:48 From Rebecca Shaw to Everyone:
	Did you provide any end user training for faculty?
	
14:27:11 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	We left WorldCat Discovery for Primo. We had to reinstate access to WorldCat Discovery, but it no longer links directly to our holdings.
	
14:27:21 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Here at USC, we ended up turning ON a lot of MARC fields in the Primo VE display that were suppressed by default. It's amazing how much information can be in notes...
	Linda Fairtile, Hermine Vermeij:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	Alyssa Nance:ğŸ‘
	Kirk-Evan Billet:ğŸ’¯
	
14:27:43 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Replying to "Here at USC, we ended up turning ON a lot of MARC ...":
	I could not believe MARC 500 notes were suppressed by default when we got our test!!!
	Kirk-Evan Billet, Gwen and Kyler:â¤ï¸
	
14:27:45 From Sandy Lemmon to Everyone:
	Replying to "Did you provide any end user training for faculty?":
	We tried, but no one showed up to any of the sessions we offered.
	Rebecca Shaw:ğŸ‘
	
14:27:59 From Session Host to Everyone:
	FRBR = ğŸ”¥
	Cari Alexander:ğŸ‘
	Alyssa Nance, Rebecca Belford, Sara Ostermeier:ğŸ˜‚
	
14:28:00 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	We ALSO turned off FRBR-ization at USC
	Kirk-Evan Billet:â¤ï¸
	
14:28:02 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Here at USC, we ended up turning ON a lot of MARC ...":
	One of our catalogers is on the Primo working group, and we have turned on additional fields for display in Primo.
	
14:28:11 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "Here at USC, we ended up turning ON a lot of MARC ...":
	That's why LGG got the keys to our specific Music Library view of Primo. The main campus library web folks said 'All those 500 notes are just for catalogers."
	Linda Fairtile:â˜¹ï¸
	Rebecca Belford, Reed David:ğŸ˜¥
	Casey Mullin, Alyssa Nance:ğŸ˜¯
	
14:28:14 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Yes!  I also asked for music FRBRization to be turned off.
	
14:28:42 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	We've had issues with both FRBRization and deduplication. One of them was conflating full & vocal scores!
	Session Host:ğŸ‘
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	
14:28:45 From Kyla Jemison to Everyone:
	Replying to "Yes!  I also asked for music FRBRization to be tur...":
	us too - it was grouping scores and recordings together, which was very unhelpful for music.
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	
14:28:56 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Here at USC, we ended up turning ON a lot of MARC ...":
	The default Primo view is ridiculously meager.
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ’¯
	
14:29:02 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "We've had issues with both FRBRization and dedupli...":
	We had some conflating scores and recordings!
	Kathy Glennan:ğŸ˜®
	Alyssa Nance:ğŸ« 
	
14:29:08 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "Yes!  I also asked for music FRBRization to be tur...":
	Exactly!
	
14:29:13 From Kirk-Evan Billet to Everyone:
	Replying to "We've had issues with both FRBRization and dedupli...":
	Almost 2 years in, I'm still trying to get all of that fixed.
	Sarah Cohen:â—
	
14:30:52 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	SPICY!
	Reed David, Elizabeth Uchimura:ğŸŒ¶ï¸
	Gwen and Kyler:ğŸ”¥
	Sarah Cohen:ğŸ˜‚
	
14:31:32 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Local Extensions in consortia. Learn them. Love them.
	Reed David:ğŸ’¯
	Alyssa Nance, Session Host:ğŸ˜‚
	
14:31:52 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "Local Extensions in consortia. Learn them. Love th...":
	Or use the 773 field!
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:32:08 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Replying to "Local Extensions in consortia. Learn them. Love th...":
	@Sarah Cohen also usable as a local extension
	
14:32:22 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	We haven't started the OCLC updates, but I'm all in favor of them. We implemented WorldCat Local/Discovery more than a decade ago, so we don't have local information to lose. I'm not sure about the rest of USMAI, however.
	
14:32:54 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "Local Extensions in consortia. Learn them. Love th...":
	Exactly. But we had a whole $5 issue leftover from when our university catalogs merged in Aleph. We have been cleaning them up for 13 years.
	Alyssa Nance, Rebecca Belford:ğŸ˜­
	Scott Phinney:ğŸ˜¯
	
14:33:44 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  Is that true?
	
14:33:58 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "We haven't started the OCLC updates, but I'm all i...":
	I've discovered so many weird things--different editions cataloged on the same record; different formats cataloged on the same record...
	
14:34:28 From Session Host to Everyone:
	death to $5â€¦ arghâ€¦ such an issue hereâ€¦
	
14:34:33 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	You can set up your normalization rule to delete fields with $5 that don't apply to your institution.
	David Prochazka:ğŸ‘
	
14:34:46 From Alyssa Nance to Everyone:
	2 weeks!?!?!?
	
14:34:54 From Kyla Jemison to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	I don't know about display, but Alma flags fields with $5 as invalid, but you can still save the records.
	
14:35:04 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	I've so many updates to try to catch ours and move to 590s. Waiting to see the mess from everyone else's.
	
14:36:20 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	@Hermine Vermeij How does that work with NZ records?
	
14:37:02 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	We ask everyone to use the same normalization rule, which filters out anything that's not a UC-specific code. (We have to deal with seeing other UC fields in our records.)
	
14:37:10 From Jill Eller to Everyone:
	So our 590s need to have a $$9?
	
14:37:37 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Scott: Re $9 on 590 et sl, it worked ok to list 59x on "local field" migration form and they were all added during test migration.
	Scott Phinney, David Prochazka:ğŸ‘
	
14:37:38 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "So our 590s need to have a $$9?":
	They'll add it automatically during the migration if you tell them which fields to add it to. I think?
	Rebecca Belford:ğŸ‘
	
14:37:42 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "So our 590s need to have a $$9?":
	IF you're in a consortium. Otherwise, your 590s will display to everyone.
	
14:37:55 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Replying to "So our 590s need to have a $$9?":
	Prior to migration, yes. Once in Alma, the building icon is the representation of that $$9
	
14:38:10 From Jill Eller to Everyone:
	Replying to "So our 590s need to have a $$9?":
	Thank you. We are mid-migration and in a consortium
	
14:38:24 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Replying to "So our 590s need to have a $$9?":
	@Hermine Vermeij I definitely had to add to all of ours myself... :-(
	Hermine Vermeij:ğŸ˜³
	Alyssa Nance:ğŸ« 
	
14:39:07 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	So cooperative!
	
14:39:17 From Jill Eller to Everyone:
	Replying to "Scott: Re $9 on 590 et sl, it worked ok to list 59...":
	Thank you!
	
14:39:20 From Margaret Corby to Everyone:
	I would like to remind everyone about the Shared analytics reports for the Alma Music Users Group.  Various reports can be found here in Analytics:
	Shared folders
	Community
	Reports
	Shared Reports
	Reports
	Alma Music Users Group
	
	There are currently 11 analytics queries in the folder.
	Kyla Jemison, Scott Phinney, Alyssa Nance, Linda Fairtile:â¤ï¸
	Sarah Cohen:ğŸ‘
	
14:39:24 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "My understanding is that Alma ignores $5 values.  ...":
	There are only 10 of us...
	
14:39:54 From Reed David to Everyone:
	At Washington State, one post-migration project was to put enumeration and chronology information in the correct place in holdings and item records.
	
14:40:00 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Will someone save this chat? Participants can't do so.
	
14:40:06 From Session Host to Everyone:
	I will.
	
14:40:12 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "I will.":
	Thanks!
	
14:40:16 From Casey Mullin to Everyone:
	Replying to "At Washington State, one post-migration project wa...":
	That's an ongoing effort at WWU as well
	Reed David, Leonard Martin:ğŸ‘
	
14:40:19 From Session Host to Everyone:
	Replying to "I will.":
	thanks for the reminder! ğŸ™‚
	
14:40:27 From Sarah Cohen to Everyone:
	Replying to "Will someone save this chat? Participants can't do...":
	LGG should be able to do it!
	
14:41:14 From Alyssa Nance to Everyone:
	Replying to "At Washington State, one post-migration project wa...":
	This is on my bucket list
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:42:05 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	I would LOVE this. Those Naxos records are awful. From a public services perspective, we WANT this!!
	
14:42:07 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Casey, thank you for asking about Naxos, we have been getting the hefty OCLC records and have no clue how to handle those during migration.
	
14:42:08 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "At Washington State, one post-migration project wa...":
	I do it on an ad hoc basis. No systematic project yet
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:42:11 From Session Host to Everyone:
	Oh Naxos recordsâ€¦
	
14:43:27 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	I have big ideas on how to cooperate in our specialty field to take on Naxos.
	Session Host, Rebecca Belford, Kathy Abromeit:ğŸ‘
	
14:44:12 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	We've been getting the $$$ bibs but where do they go when we migrate? Do they vanish because e-resource?
	
14:44:29 From Stephen Mantz to Everyone:
	Naxos posts removals to their blog
	David Prochazka:ğŸ‘
	
14:44:51 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	I would love to hear Michelle Hahnâ€™s idea if ready to share!
	Rebecca Belford:ğŸ‘
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	
14:45:34 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "We've been getting the $$$ bibs but where do they ...":
	They don't disappear, but they might turn into duplicates if you're also migrating data from an ERM.
	
14:47:10 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Thank you Sharon! I wonder when our P2E form was due ğŸ˜¬
	
14:47:18 From Session Host to Everyone:
	we have about 10 (scheduled) minutes left
	
14:47:24 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "We've been getting the $$$ bibs but where do they ...":
	+1 to what Sharon said about P2E. I blocked that out.
	Rebecca Belford:ğŸ‘
	Scott Phinney:ğŸ’¯
	
14:47:29 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	@Rebecca Belford Not yet. Ask your eresource person
	Rebecca Belford, Session Host:ğŸ‘
	
14:48:17 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	P2E was a nightmare here, since we were activating resources in the WCKB, and we had that poor decision more than a decade ago to combine descriptions for print & e.
	Scott Phinney:ğŸ™
	
14:48:45 From Margaret Corby to Everyone:
	Replying to "Naxos posts removals to their blog":
	The last time I contacted Naxos about the deletes, I asked for ALL deletes, and they told me I had to go month-by-month.  A lot of work when you're years behind on the deletes.
	Linda Fairtile:â˜¹ï¸
	Session Host, Alyssa Nance:ğŸ˜ 
	David Prochazka:ğŸ˜®
	
14:49:21 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	Replying to "P2E was a nightmare here, since we were activating...":
	That was a dream of mine when I finished separating our print and e at Salisbury, that I would just come up to College Park and do yours!
	
14:49:46 From Stephen Mantz to Everyone:
	Replying to "Naxos posts removals to their blog":
	It's a pain, too. Just a list of the 028s
	
14:50:05 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "P2E was a nightmare here, since we were activating...":
	There's still work for you here!!
	
14:51:03 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	some Naxos titles inculde mutiple discs, so I'm not sure about the count difference  (Think of Operas ... especially Wagner)
	
14:52:09 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	I found some cataloging buddies for a huge Smithsonian set through MOUG.
	Kathy Abromeit, Session Host, Reed David, Casey Mullin:â¤ï¸
	
14:52:41 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	We turned on research assistant but you can only get to it through a direct link--not obvious on the home page.
	
14:52:42 From Casey Mullin to Everyone:
	I also spend a lot of time upgrading the NAXOS OCLC records. They're better than the native records but far from perfect. This justifies the manual approach somewhat.
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:53:42 From Reed David to Everyone:
	One more bit of advice for the interlopers: ALMA-L is your friend.
	Session Host, Kyla Jemison, Jennifer Olson:ğŸ‘
	
14:53:46 From Leonard Martin to Everyone:
	Replying to "At Washington State, one post-migration project wa...":
	Similar project here. I made an import profile using spreadsheets for loading items with Enum/chron for backlog serials. When there are no gaps or changes in issuance it's very effective.
	Alyssa Nance, Casey Mullin:â¤ï¸
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:53:48 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	I have found the research assistant unacceptable. Hope we donâ€™t turn it on.
	Gwen and Kyler:â¤ï¸
	Session Host:ğŸ‘
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	
14:53:58 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Rapido?
	
14:54:01 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	I understand that OhioLINK is moving to rapido??
	David Prochazka:ğŸ‘
	
14:54:48 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	Oh, I am misspeakking with rapido. sorry.
	
14:54:49 From Reed David to Everyone:
	Replying to "One more bit of advice for the interlopers: ALMA-L...":
	A warning: as e-mail lists go, it has a LOT of traffic.  If MLA-L is a water fountain, ALMA-L is a fire hose.
	Linda Fairtile:ğŸ‘ğŸ»
	Margaret Corby:ğŸ‘ğŸ¼
	
14:54:57 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	Oh we are. YES
	
14:55:17 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Replying to "One more bit of advice for the interlopers: ALMA-L...":
	@Reed, that's what I found. I had to unsubscribe
	
14:55:21 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Having also migrated from an INN-Reach set-up, getting used to the fact there really is only bib takes some getting used to.
	
14:55:22 From Leonard Martin to Everyone:
	Replying to "Rapido?":
	We just purchased this. No clue on when we'll implement though. Something something ILL will figure it out?
	
14:55:55 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	Yes, thatâ€™s right, Laura-Gayle!
	
14:55:54 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am looking forward to from Sierra is having an actual sandbox!
	
14:56:12 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	Will you have a premium sandbox? It's awesome.
	Leonard Martin:ğŸ’¯
	
14:56:41 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	We've had to watch out for permissions within the premium sandbox; for example, I shouldn't see patron info.
	
14:56:49 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Yeah, low-traffic ALMA-L is not
	
14:56:49 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	Not sure. Is that consortial or local purchase? If the latter... probably not.
	
14:57:01 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	Consortial, I think.
	
14:57:03 From Kyla Jemison to Everyone:
	Replying to "One more bit of advice for the interlopers: ALMA-L...":
	being able to search the ALMA-L archive has solved a lot of problems for me
	Reed David:ğŸ‘
	
14:57:41 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	We have consortial, with data from two of our institutions.
	
14:57:44 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	Are there more specialized lists than Alma-L?
	
14:58:04 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Replying to "Are there more specialized lists than Alma-L?":
	There's one for Analytics.
	
14:58:10 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Are there more specialized lists than Alma-L?":
	Content-L too
	
14:58:12 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	Replying to "Re sandbox: Definitely an Alma feature I am lookin...":
	@Kathy Glennan same here
	
14:58:16 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Replying to "Are there more specialized lists than Alma-L?":
	ELUNA-Announce also
	
14:58:37 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Sometimes when I have an ALMA question, I just google it and find the answer on some other institution's web page or libguide
	Session Host, Catherine Busselen:ğŸ‘
	
14:58:54 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	https://exlibrisusers.org/postorius/lists/
	
14:58:55 From Michelle Hahn - OHIO (IFL, she) to Everyone:
	Replying to "Are there more specialized lists than Alma-L?":
	There is a consortialalma-L
	
14:59:18 From Scott Phinney to Everyone:
	The Southeast Regional Users Group has gotten a little more active, thanks to FLVC
	
14:59:53 From Rebecca Belford to Everyone:
	THANK YOU! This has helped so, so much.
	
14:59:55 From Kathy Glennan to Everyone:
	Thanks everyone - great discussion!
	
14:59:58 From Reed David to Everyone:
	Best of luck to the interlopers, and welcome!
	Rebecca Belford:ğŸ‘
	
15:00:08 From Linda Fairtile to Everyone:
	Thanks, everyone! Thanks, Laura Gayle!
	
15:00:13 From Jill Eller to Everyone:
	That would be great!
	
15:00:18 From Kathy Abromeit to Everyone:
	YES to the check-in meetings!!!
	Jennifer Olson:ğŸ‘
	
15:00:18 From Hermine Vermeij to Everyone:
	Good luck, migrators!
	Scott Phinney, Leonard Martin:ğŸ‘
	
15:00:20 From Leonard Martin to Everyone:
	Yes, especially with the Ohio folks implementation
	
15:00:24 From Jennifer Olson to Everyone:
	thank you all for the helpful information!
	
15:00:45 From David Prochazka to Everyone:
	Thanks, we'll need it!
	
15:00:46 From Emily M. Colucci to Everyone:
	Thank you all so much for everyoneâ€™s great, insightful input!  Happy migrating to those who are in the process!
	
15:00:50 From Anthony Sharp to Everyone:
	Thanks
	
15:00:53 From Tracey Rudnick to Everyone:
	Thank you!
	
15:00:54 From Jill Eller to Everyone:
	THank you!
	
